you dream every night now you
might be yelling at me that you
don't but you're wrong just
because you don't remember it
doesn't mean it didn't happen
everyone dreams even animals
hello lovers and dreamers
Lissette here for dnews when
your head hits the pillow at
night and you fall into deep
slumber you dream and we're not
alone according to you and well
some old research animals are
dreamers to of course there's no
way to ask an animal once it
wakes up if it was dreaming but
science point to yes
most animals dream and it all
comes back to rapid eye movement
or rent we sleep in stages REM
sleep is the final stage in your
sleep cycle and when dreaming
occurs like a lot of things in
the brain it is still a mystery
but scientists think REM sleep
has to do with storing memories
and learning when REM sleep
starts your body sends signals
to your cerebral cortex where
learning organizing and thinking
occur signals are also sent to
your spinal cord where neurons
are shut off this causes
temporary paralysis of your limb
muscles so you don't act out
your dreams
meanwhile random signals are
also sent to your cortex and
some scientists think this is
where dreams come from having
dreams are your brain trying to
make sense of these random
signals creating something like
a story so basically its
scientists observed REM sleep
and animals they can conclude
that those animals are dreaming
or to put it in a more sciency
way patrick mcnamara director of
evolutionary neurobehavioral
laboratory at Boston University
says it is reasonable to suppose
that animals have something like
what we call dreams until
recently REM sleep cycles were
only seen in mammals and some
birds but researchers in Germany
might have discovered that
reptile stream to researchers
put probes inside the brains of
five bearded dragons to measure
electric physical activity while
they slept and they found that
they had sleep stages similar to
that of ramming humans so dreams
or again something like what we
call dreams the lizard's average
350 REM cycles lasting about 80
seconds each to put that into
context humans can experience
five REM cycles a night of more
than an hour each the REM sleep
isn't the only way we've been
able to tell animal stream
scientists can watch animals
sleep and how they move just
like your family
pooch but remember how the brain
paralyzes us so we don't act out
our dreams
well in 1959 a French
neuroscientist alter the part of
a cat spring that is responsible
for this
so in the cat fell asleep it
moved all sorts of ways
scientists observed in raising
its head our teen its back and
overall appearing as if it were
stocking or hunting prey and
scientists have even studied
what animals dream about
research done at MIT looked at
rat's brain patterns when they
were in REM sleep and found they
were similar to brain patterns
measured when they were running
through Amy's when awake they
figure the rats were dreaming
about their daily maze running
the two measurements were so
alike that scientists could
conclude where the rats were in
the dream maze
a study was also done on zebra
finches that found they might be
practicing their songs while
they slept but what does this
all mean well it helps us
understand our brain a little
bit more but also a little bit
more about evolution if a
similar sleep pattern is
occurring in the brains of
mammals birds and lizards that
means it likely existed in our
common ancestor the amnio which
existed about 320 million years
ago suggesting fleet patterns
may have evolved a hundred
million years earlier than we
previously thought
do you do about crazy things
maybe you should start an online
dream journal through a website
domain.com can help you do that
no domain extension will help
you tell your story like a.com
or.net domain name and because
you watch the news you can get
fifty percent off domain comms
names and web hosting by using
the code dnews when you check
out but even with all that sleep
is still pretty crazy over on
dnews plus trace looked at lucid
dreaming dream monitors and even
if we could someday record what
we're dreaming about check it
out here after hooking people up
to electroencephalograph they
found that they were in REM
sleep by looking at their
brainwaves then by signaling
with their eye movements with
predetermined eye movements they
were able to to say that they
were aware they're dreaming
what's the craziest dream you've
had lately running mazes
stalking prey
share your thoughts in the
comments and remember to
subscribe so you never miss an
episode of dnews thanks for
watching